this is part two of this video If you
haven't seen part one already there is a
link in the description of this video
click on that to watch that part first
and then get to this
video and then you have this this
happens to be the 10th cities and look
even in Vancouver even in the colder
climates it's not just in warmer places
poverty is increasing at a drastic level
level there are 10th cities everywhere
people are suffering poverty has been
increasing homelessness is increasing
and you see
generally that people are doing worse
off than
before and despite the fact that these
10 cities get shut
down it doesn't matter doesn't change
the
situation if you pull the video cameras
off of these 10 cities they're not going
to go away you might be out of the eyes
of the public but they're not going
away and so that's another form of
collapse and what will be the resolution
to
this well I believe that many places
will engage in this pilot project to
introduce a basic income in Ontario gets
strong public support
threeyear proposal set to launch this
spring will give participants a
guaranteed salary guess what you work
you don't work you get some money how
does that sound well it sounds great why
not why not have free money for
everybody just print up the money and
give it to everybody that will increase
the value of the economy that's going to
be the most amazing plan ever right I
mean you're going to get
people to get new jobs to buy things
simply because they have free money
coming in is that how this works I don't
think so why
not do something intelligent for once
but of course that's not what this is
all
about
what a terrible design when you destroy
the economy completely you give all the
money to the bankers to the corporations
who own and control these governments
you give all the money to them and then
when the people lose all their damn jobs
and they're suffering living in 10
cities living in their
Vans you say you know what you deserve a
little bit too here take some of this
money it's
free don't
Riot don't cause us a
problem live in your government housing
and take this paycheck
make sure to buy something wonderful
with it and that's the type of thing
that I see taking place right now where
you have all the social assistance
programs expanding and you have nothing
but a poorly designed government
structure set up behind it allowing the
corporations to own and control every
politician they have no purpose in our
world they do nothing to help us out and
they are only there to make things worse
so last but not
least this is showing you during the
financial
crisis here is the low on the SNP in
March 2009 where the SNP hit
666 but you look at the value of today
surely it's doing well there is no
denial of
that however in the leadup to that
crash you would have sold if this was
you you would have sold right in here
and you would have bought right in here
right so you you weigh it out or maybe
you short the market and then you you
buy it up and you pick up on all that
value and now here's your money today
it's worth $2,400 from 666 to 2,400
you're rich you're living on a beautiful
Villa in Paradise you got a super yacht
and everything else right that's that's
what you would have done right you would
have known to pick right off the
top and then watch it drop and sell and
buy back at the right time I mean you
would you would have done that am I
right because everyone is an oracle and
they can predict the stock market today
people have been doing that I mean
they've been on the buy side of course
uh and and they've been doing well since
March
2009 they've been able to predict it I
mean great great great work the stock
market has been rising it can rise
perpetually and you can continue to
quote unquote make money but have you
made any money any money
whatsoever if you haven't realized your
gains perhaps if you have dividends
stocks with dividends but a lot of
people are chasing the appreciation
that's what they're after they've quote
unquote made
money I would beg to differ because if
somebody at this point in this region
right in here made money they didn't
make money if they didn't sell and they
watched the crash perhaps again they
just held on held on tight to everything
they had all of the value of all their
kids college fund and everything else
else they watched it
dissipating and they got spooked but did
they sell I don't know maybe maybe not
maybe they held on what about their
Pension funds well the Pension funds
aren't doing
well what about many other funds in fact
they're not doing that well it's only
individual stocks that are doing well so
what I would suggest to everyone out
there is you be your own guide use your
own judgment if you feel that the stock
market is a good invest M by all means
please do invest choose to do that you
are making the choice but you're not
going to hear that from me if the market
was a good buy at this time I would
suggest it but generally I don't like to
fund and fuel the banksters and they're
working on this system right
now my system is completely different
it's called the money GPS strategy it's
about getting out of the system it's
about having solar panels instead of
paying electric company every time they
decide to raise your bills up and up and
up and so you stick it to them and
that's what this is all
about but essentially all I want to say
is that number one the collapse doesn't
have to be down the collapse can be up
too don't be confused by the wording and
then you need to re look at the real
indicators not just the price the
nominal value of the stock Market you
need to look at all of the indicators
and while your stocks may be doing well
how are your neighbors
doing how is everything doing as a whole
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up if you don't
like it if you disagree with it give me
a thumbs down have an opinion on it
either go up or go down don't just watch
and move
on if you found the video informative I
have so much other work that I know
you'll find even more informative I have
my books I have free ebooks all at my
website the money gps.com and I now have
my ebook audiobook I should say if you
go to the audio book section where it
says store right now all I have is the
one and it is available for everyone to
purchase so you head over to this here
and I have the audiobook which many many
people have asked for it's finally done
go to the money gps.com and click on
store you're presented with this do what
you need to do if you're interested in
that if you want to look through the
book the paperback version go to Amazon
they have a look inside feature you can
then flip through these books to see if
you like them for yourselves take care